hey rabbit what let's see
I don't know the or is the last fire
that's why I just do that a little
booty-booty by bleeding the words much
Google I used meaning I use me is that
like Bing yeah you wouldn't use Bing
okay just like beef or Batman
i watch had a villain named Bing and he
was poisoned that Gotham water supply
with soy sauce it's horrible
you got a mouth on you yeah you get her
heart you can you got a mouth like most
humans on you good observation
bet man what do you say you have a band
Wow lovely - now look away at Bruce
Wayne Oh give me my rabbit of Emmett
ignore they know the first part actually
my real name is Clark Kent
yes it is Clark Kent remember that write
that down
what am I gonna write that down with
back here your bet and so you haven't
given me anything
oh god you just behind the times Alfred
put that down list we gotta get her a
bat pencil for him are you a boy
I can't down why are you okay well then
where are we gonna go eat
Maximo taco no I don't want tacos here
we go get like fish sandwich fish
sandwich do you know what's in fish do
you know what's in fish fish protein
that's a bad sign that's a chemical that
the Joker could use to make crazy laughy
fish and I'm against it well we're
talking about